Today I woke up on the top of Springer Mountain. It was raining, and I rolled up my wet tent, filtered some water and left. Along with the morning rain came a thick fog. I was the first one awake. 
The hike from Springer started off pretty hard. My shoulders were hurting and I could already tell that the straps on my pack were going to give me blisters. The issue with my hip strap was quickly becoming apparent. While I was hiking, I had an idea, and when I stopped on a water break I pulled out my hip pads again and started [working the bands through small holes on the lower side of my pack. ](https://www.icloud.com/sharedalbum/#B1qGDdyTv8aak9;6D069B79-A666-4A45-A7A6-1CA31CE47C53)
Eventually was able to pull them through, and tied the hip straps in with a stray cord on the bag. I pulled all the pieces tight, put on the bag and, to my surprise, totally worked. I was able to tighten my hip strap and ease the pain of the pack on my shoulders. 
My pack, though light, was still a bit too big for my frame. It tugged on my collarbones and the straps were not quite in the right place. 
Still though, I continued on at a quick pace. How exciting it was to be hiking in the early morning with no one around. I expected to quickly get bored and start one of the many audiobooks I had downloaded, but the entire day I was so awestruck by the birds and the beautiful weather that it seemed a shame to distract myself with anything else. 
I stopped at [long creek falls (I look so exited in these videos)](https://www.icloud.com/sharedalbum/#B1qGDdyTv8aak9;2A769479-3E41-47F4-A2EF-63D717689B96) [Here is me doing some show and tell with my snacks](https://www.icloud.com/sharedalbum/#B1qGDdyTv8aak9;C8818271-9F54-4FF2-A5F5-A139F8DCBC5C). 
A few hours after fixing my pack, I fell. I was walking and my toes tripped on a small rock on the trail, sending me toward onto my hands and knees. Both water bottles flung out of my pack and clattered down the trail in front of me. I was ok, my knees dirty but intact. I thought it funny that my first thought was *did anyone see that?*
After this, I took out my hiking poles and used them for the remainder of the day (and, as it turns out, never put them away for 5 more days until some particularly hard climbing). I feel that as a runner I had always dismissed the use of hiking poles. How foolish. Once I pulled them out I found I could go even faster, and tripping would be much more difficult. 
I got to the campsite that I was going for early, around 4. It was 12 miles down the trail, and through I probably could have continued on, the next few campsites did not have bear boxes. This meant that I would have to secure my pack up in the trees. A challenge for another night. 
I was the first one there— Gooch Mountain Shelter. As I unpacked my bags, I realized I had pushed down the tent bag in there upside down, and all of the water that had accumulated on the top of the tent had tricked out onto everything else in my bag. Sad. 
I set up my tent, ate my dinner, and laid down in the tent by 6. I was exhausted. I’ve never hiked with a pack this heavy, much less for 12 miles from peak to peak. As I laid awake waiting for the sun to set, I heard 2 other guys come onto the campsite, but I wouldn’t meet them until tomorrow. 
Though I was tired, I was excited for the morning, when I could wake up, and start hiking again. 
