Today I woke up much more rested than I had the other days so far.

Before I started packing up, I saw a guy taking his bag out of the bear box that looked to be about my age. He had a huge black pack and bleached hair. Last night I heard him and the other camper talking about how early I turned in, and how they hadn't seen me since I had arrived at the campsite. He pulled his food sack out and left before me.

Today was the day that I was going to do my first resupply. In about 15 more miles the trail would curve directly through Mountain Crossings, a hiking hostel and outfitter. I read online that here I could get advice about my pack and, ideally, a new hip pad. I also had a bunch of things I realized I didn’t need to be lugging around.

I once again passed the large group of hikers. In the quiet of the forest, its easy to hear them coming around the bend. First it's a few of the loudest voices, and then as they get closer the concophony of their voices comes as quite a surprise int he middle of the forrest.

 They gave me granola bars. Trail magic.

Later, I passed the guy with the bleached hair while he was filtering water and said hello. We would pass eachother 2 more times today, and eventually would stop and get to know one another. His name was Logan, and it so happened that we had stayed on the same campsites every night on the trail so far. I hadn't noticed him before, too focused on making come catastrophic mistake. 

He was hiking the whole way, all the way up to Maine. This was uncommon, normally through hikers would start much earlier, as early as February. If we was going to get through Maine before the winter came along, he would have to keep a fast pace for the entire 4-and-a-half month trip. He was from Virginia, and also planned to make a stop at the outfitters that day. He was worried, though, because he said that they closed at 5.

*Oh.* It was going to be a challenge to get there before 5. I didn't have any other options, so if I didn't make it I would have to camp out around the outfitter and wait for them to open tomorrow. No good. I needed those early morning hikes. So, I retied my shoelaces and made a beeline for the remaining 12 miles to the outfitters.

On the way, I passed the Blood Mountain Shelter, a famous and eerily familiar one. I think I have been here before. It looks ancient, like an old castle standing at the top of this hill. 

At another point I was coming down the trail and saw the tail end of a rattlestake right in the middle of the trail-- its raddler poking up. Alert. I stopped and waited. Nothing. I couldn't see the head just that rattling tail. I threw a rock at it. Nothing. I yelled. Nothing. Eventually, I made a wide cut into the underbrush to avoid it and continue on. Maybe it was dead. I was not going to stick around long enough to find out.

As time went on, it looked like I was going to make it to the outfitters with time to spare, and I told a backpacker going the opposite direction that if he saw a guy with spiky bleached hair, that I would buy him a coke at the outfitters if they were going to close before he got there. I’m unsure if Logan got the message.

As I got down Blood Mountain and entered the outfitters, I was panting. While I was there I asked them a ton of questions. *Can my fuel canister get wet? Do I need these nubs at the end of my hiking poles? What in my first aid kit isn’t required for backpacking?* After seeing my hip pad problem, and how my pack fit on my frame, they suggested I buy a new pack and I did. I was able to fit all my stuff into a small Osprey day pack. Now, I’d really fly.

While I was checking out, Logan came in. I was happy to see him. Outside we sat on the patio, ate, and charged up some things. He was going to stay at a campsite about a mile up the next mountain. I asked to join him. And once our batteries were juiced, we made camp on an unofficial campsite. It was just the two of us up there, and it was nice to know I had a friend that was sleeping so close by. 

Logan used a hammock with a rain cover instead of a tent, and had a proper thick bear canister instead of a sack like mine. Before this trip, he did a "practice" 100 mile section in Virginia. Maybe, hopefully, I’d be able to keep his pace tomorrow.