There are a few feelings that I’ve been looking for ever since I started my hike. One of them is, of course, to be in a place so remote that you could only get there on foot. Today was that day. As we hiked further and further into the woods, any human noise thinned to silence. In our next 45 miles, we would only pass 2 roads, neither of which are open to the public. 

*Forest Maintenance Road*. All of these roads had the same name. 

Deeper and deeper, further and further Logan and I we hiked. It was so exciting. There was no one out here, and if we did happen to pass someone, it was another person who took the several days it took to hike through.

All of my life I’ve loved hiking, but it is only in through-hiking that you realize how restrictive day-hiking can be. You go in a loop, or you start at one place and get a ride to another. This time, I was just hiking through. Forward. To Damascus sure, but the destination was not so set in stone. Really, I was just walking. It was more mindless. White blaze, white blaze, and eventually I would come to a place where I could fill up my pack with food and keep going. 

Finally we stopped on top of Blue Mountain. While the mountain was not bare and did not have views, you could see through the trees that we were on the tallest mountain around, and the entire arc of the sky was visible through the trees.

When we got there, Logan and I set up camp and started dinner. He mentioned that there was someone else behind us. 

*Weird*, I thought. It had never occurred to me to hike past 7pm for fear of dark. Shortly after, a young guy named Thomas came up the hill.

He was 18, from Western Tennessee, and was hiking with his dad for the past few days. However, his dad sustained a leg injury and left him to finish out the week or two to Fontana Dam on his own.

“This is the longest period of time I’ve been away from my parents,” he told us. I was impressed. 

Exhausted, the 3 of us went to bed, the two of them in hammocks and me in my tent.