While last night I fell asleep with the sun setting and peeing though one side of my tent door, this morning it rose on the other side. I positioned my tent so I could see both through the trees, and it was beautiful. The weather was a bit rough with some rain and heavy wind last night, which was only exacerbated by our placement on the mountaintop. As it just became light, Thomas began packing up his tent and left. I watched him go in the orange morning glow. I called my dad, then took one look over at Logan’s hammock before taking off myself. I need to get his phone number next time I see him, I thought to myself. But for now, I was ready to hike.

Today’s weather was the best on the trip so far. No clouds, cool temperatures and a strong breeze made the ups and downs of the trail much more bearable.

After about an hour of walking, I heard a crashing down in front of me. I looked up to see two black bear cubs in front of me. One sitting in a tree and another on the ground. Behind them in the brush, a large mama bear. I stopped abruptly and slowly walked backwards, trying to remember all of the protocol for bear encounters. Before they were scared of me, they were curious. The young cub in the tree eyed me curiously. I then started waving my hiking poles and shouting, and the bears stumbled off down the hill. The cub that was still in the tree fell off the branch and collapsed on the ground briefly before heading off. Finally, some bears. 

This was only my second solo bear encounter in my life, the first one being 10 years prior in the mountains of North Carolina. It was just as scary.

On the next mountain, I got passed by favorite large group. And this time they gave me two apples, a clementine and two snack bars. Later when talking to Logan and Thomas, I figured that I was the favorite, receiving the best and most plentiful bounty from them each day.

When we crossed each other, I had only been hiking for an hour or so, which means tomorrow I may not see them at all. I hoped I wouldn’t outpace them for another day.

I met two older men who were also going up the next mountain. “Did you two start before Blue Mountain today?” I asked.

“No we took a side trail in. We hiked Blue Mountain last year, now we’re doing the next 5 days.”

I met a lot of groups that hiked like this. A few portions here and there. Sadly, after the first 100 miles I would see fewer and fewer groups like this.

Later in the day I had stopped for a snack in another parking lot, when a large truck pulled in with two large dogs in the bed. They had collars with long antennas— it looked like they had been fitted with some pretty expensive gear. Hunting dogs.

A guy and his son came out of the truck. I waved them down and the father immediately recognized me as a through hiker.

“How far you goin” he asked me.

“To Virginia, if I make it in time,” I said. “What are you out here hunting?”

“We’re hog hunting,” he said.

Ah. I had forgotten about the wild hogs.

As I plan out my next few days, I take into account that I only have one more days worth of food left. That and as I look on the map, I see that after a parking lot that I will hit tomorrow, there is a stretch of over 45 miles of trail with no access other than a couple of park maintenance roads.

I need to resupply. Tomorrow.

Around 4:30 I come across the Deep Gap campsite. I hiked a little over 15 miles, but there wasn’t going to be another campsite with a bear box for 12 miles, so I decided to set up camp early. The campsite was huge and I was the only one there. I sat at the table in front of the shelter, made and ate dinner, then popped back up on trail to send some texts.

Hint: any campsite with “gap” in it guarentees a lack of cell service

Finally around 7:20, Thomas arrives, immediately asking about water. He is weathered and thirsty. I tell him there’s a good stream on the way down to the campsite, and follow him down. We talk about the upcoming stretch of wilderness and any last minute things we need to pick up beforehand. Then, a man some down the trail carrying two heavy looking backpacks.

“We have three more on the way,” he said. “We meant to go further but we had to bail.” 

Eventually we hear three women making their way onto the campsite. They were obviously exhausted and carrying a lot of stuff.

“We hiked a whole 8 miles in here”, one of them said. “We nearly died.”

“My pack weighs 45 points, how much does yours weigh?” another asked me.

“I don’t know,” I said. “Probably not more than 20.” I gestured to my day pack.

“You’re backpacking in *that*? For how long?”

“35 days.”

While Thomas and I planned out our resupply, we could hear them bickering about weight, then one of the ladies comes over with 5 gallon sized Ziploc bags full of food.

“So we’re realizing that we packed way too much for 5 days,” she said holding up the bags. “She—“ she gestured to one of the other women, “is on Ozempic and I just got off Ozempic, so we don’t want to take all of this extra food. We want you to have it.” She plopped all of the bags on the table. Each ziploc contained a full breakfast lunch and dinner. Tuna, snacks, a ton of bagels, it was all there. It was more than we needed. Thomas and I thanked them, then went ham dividing up the stuff. It was even two much weight for us to add even though we were going to resupply. I told him I’d hang the extra food off my pack and we can try and drop it off in a hiker bin at the hostel. I feared if we left it with the group, they would stash it in the shelter and it would become bear fodder.

We couldn’t believe our luck. So much trail magic today.

We learned that was group was hiking for 5 days after one of their friends who had dreams of the AT had passed away. It made more sense, now, why they were out there. It certainly didn’t seem like they were having any fun. They were out there for a different reason. A reckoning, or perhaps a promise to dead. 

Tomorrow I am off to the store in the morning and then we will enter the 45 miles of wilderness going into North Carolina.

I never saw Logan today after leaving Blue Mountain. I fear he had passed me after I came down to the campsite. If he is ahead of me tonight, it’s possible the distance between us will only become greater.