Today Thomas and I came out of the gap and hiked down to the road by the *Around the Bed* Hostel. Apparently they had a small resupply store, and I was in for some new snacks, a cord I could use as a bear hang, some earplugs and a chance to juice up all my electronics (phone, battery pack, headlamp, satellite phone).

It was still early in the day so we didn’t want to stay the night at the hostel, and Thomas called and asked about a day pass. They had one, but we would have to walk along the mountain road to the hostel.

It seemed a bit silly walking along the road in our backpacks while cars zoomed by.

Halfway down the road we saw, in the distance, someone coming on the opposite side of the street. Suddenly, it didn’t feel so weird.

As we got closer, we realized it was Logan who was leaving the hostel. I was ecstatic. We exchanged numbers and passed by each other. We may not be able to camp together tonight but at least we could stay in touch.

I got a day pass at the hostel and was able to get some of the items that I needed. I sifted through their hiker boxes but couldn’t find a solid chord for a bear hang. Every higher establishment has one— a hiker box. People put their unwanted gear in here as a form of good karma, and oftentimes the hiker boxes are full of useful items that were either unneeded or duplicates.

The hostel was basically just a large house with a guest house attached. Inside was a kitchen and living room. The hostel owner noted some tape outlining the island.

“Anything behind this line”, he said, “is not legally approved as business space. So you can’t come back here.”

Anything behind the tape, legally their house. Anything in front of the tape, legally a hostel. Got it.

I took a shower in the bathroom just down the hall. It was a normal guest bathroom. This was my first chance to bathe so far. I decided not to do laundry as we weren’t going to be there that long, but I regretted that as I pulled my nasty, stinky, musky, muddy shirt that I had worn for 5 days of hiking back over my face.

Next stop, I’m washing my clothes for sure.

Thomas and I kept hiking. He said something that I’ll always remember. “My friends like going hiking with me too sometimes, but after for hours or so, they always want to go inside and watch a movie or something.”

His words were the reality for many solo hikers. The casual aspect has been dropped completely and replaced with this yearning to spend 24 hours a day toward a single goal. This peak. That peak. And the next. When Thomas and I were in the hostel, our vibe was urgent and tense. It was nice, but we wanted to get out of there and get hiking as soon as possible. I imagine Logan had the same feeling. Like a dog stomping his feet in a crate. Whining to be let out. Staring out the window. Listening for the moment when they are to be let free.

Thomas and I passed into North Carolina today. It was a hard hike. We caught up with Logan at Muskrat shelter, had dinner, set up camp and knocked out. Another killer day.