Today I woke up before the sun came out and fidgeted nervously until it peeked over the horizon. Then I got up silently and left. Thomas was still asleep, and Logan was packing up just as I left. He lent me some sunscreen before I headed out.

Logan caught up with me and we got these absolutely sickening views from on top of the mountain. We were watching as swirling clouds came out of the valleys and whipped over the peaks in front of us. Every time it happened I would squeal with excitement. This just happens. All the time. And today, we witnessed it!

About 15 miles into our hike, we get a text from Thomas that he tore a tendon in his leg, and that he would have to go off trail.

I was devastated. He was supposed to be hiking for a few more days. I was hoping he would catch up that day. Later, I felt better when we were texting. Apparently he was able to still hike a couple days out. The tear wasn’t that serious. He also said this was one of the best weeks of his life.

*Same, Thomas.*

Logan and I hit 100 miles today (plus the 9 mile approach trail), and took a picture together in front of the watch tower. At dinner, we talked about how I was planning on staying at a hostel in Franklin while he continued on. I was always going to need to resupply more often than him. I ran with a lighter weight and smaller pack, which meant I could only really carry 4 days of food. Logan was probably lugging around 8 in his bear canister.

“So it looks like it’s about 7 miles to the road,” I said, doing the math. “And which shelter are you planning on going to today?”

“Wayah Shelter,” he said.

I scrolled on the map until I saw it. He was easily going to be 12 miles ahead of me starting tomorrow.

“I see,” I said as we sat in the realization. “Well this may be goodbye, and if not, it will take me at least 5 days to catch up.”

“Best of luck,” he said. “It’s sad, but that’s part of it.”

And he was right. That was part of it. We were solo hiking. I would miss him, but I was exited to know that I’d be able to make real friends on the trail.