I woke up before Logan, but waited until he was ready to head out so we could walk down together. I was happy to take the extra time, unsure if we would ever see each other again.

“I’m not in any rush”, I said. “Unlike you I’m only going 7 miles today.”

The forest today was full of fog. When we got to Winding Stair Gap, where I was set to get shuttled into Franklin, NC, Logan ordered Japanese food for delivery.

Willow, one of the hostel owners of *The Grove Hostel* in Franklin, NC, arrived and I hoisted my pack into her car. I said a possibly forever goodbye to Logan, and we set off for Franklin.

I don’t know if he ever got that Japanese food.

Willow and I got along wonderfully, though it’s hard to believe anyone doesn’t get along with her. She is chatty and talks fondly about her through hike just a few years prior. Her and her partner were new owners of *The Grove,* but the space had been a hiker haven for many years.

“You can resupply in town if you like,” she said. “Around 4 I am taking folks to the Walmart and suburban ingles for a better selection.”

This hostel, like the last, seemed like a renovated house. This one though had a full basement room for hikers. I slept in an upstairs room.

“Here we have all of our loner clothes for you to wear while we wash your clothes,” she said. “Whenever you’re ready just leave them down here and I’ll wash them. We leave at 8am tomorrow for winding stair.”

For hikers, I see how hostels like this are the absolute best. It really takes a hiker to know what hikers need, and Willow is so sweet and accommodating that it totally eases that grifting freak backpacker feeling.

I took a shower and put on some loner clothes. My shirt said *arthritis walk volunteer.*

I felt like that scene in *Pulp Fiction* where Jules and Vincent Vega get blood all over their clothes so they have to stop at this guys suburban house to change. They pull off their suits and into some tacky graphic tees and shorts.

I opted to skip the shuttle and wander around downtown Franklin. I went to a Mexican restaurant first, then to ingles, then to the local brewery to have an Appalachian Trail themed IPA, *Kahtadin.*

Afterwards, I went back to the hostel to clean my stuff, remove some unneeded items and bandage up my toes, which had gotten quite blistered over the last few days.

In the biker box at the hostel, I found a cord I could use as a bear hang. This way, I would not be tied to campsites that had bear boxes— I could sleep wherever I wanted.

That night, I watched YouTube videos about how to tie a bear hang, and how to use moleskin tape to ease the pain of blisters.

The first night in a bed in 8 days. Sweet, sweet comfort.