This morning Willow packed me and 3 other people in the car to take back to the trailhead. On the ride, two of the other hikers bubbled over my pack. Mine was the smallest and lightest of everyone. By a long shot.

After a long morning of hiking I came across a tower on a hill. It was a park with a parking lot and, love to see it, trash cans. And toilets. I emptied the wrappers I had been stashing from the mornings snacks and headed up to the tower.

I talked to a group of leather-strapped bikers for a while about the area and my trip. I showed them my map app and how I filtered my water. They were eating it up, and asked if I wanted to ride around on one of their bikes. I refused, too much at stake for a broken leg.

Later in another parking lot I met a man who was the former ambassador to Fiji. He said he regretted never making it to the trail, and that he was a cripple now so there was no way he could do it.

I planned to end my night on top of a mountain at this large observation deck on top of Wesser bald. I had read that it was pretty popular to cowboy camp (sleep with no tent) on top of the tower to see the sunrise. I had wanted to try, but was disappointed when I saw the forecast for that night. Rain.

It was a long day of hiking and I was excited to finally get to the tower. It didn’t seem like anyone was up there, so I took a video as I climbed to the top and checked out the view, but as I was turning around with my phone out, I realized there was a guy sitting up there. Sunbathing.

I put my phone down quickly to make sure he knew I wasn’t trying to film him. He was reading and had a small hiking back with some snacks.

*Not a backpacker.*

His name was Collin. He worked at the Nantahala Outdoor Center (NOC) which is where I’m going tomorrow.

Now that I had a bear hang, it meant I could camp wherever I wanted and could hang my food up in the trees instead of having to rely on bear boxes. I found a spot for my food by the tower and was able to do a PCT hang within about 20 or 30 frustrating minutes. *It must get easier from here.*

The first and hardest step of a PCT hang is to tie something heavy to your line and throw it over a tree branch that extends at least 6 feet from the tree and is at least 12 feet high. I used a rock and struggled to get it over a tall branch. I would miss and the rock would fall deep in the underbrush. Oftentimes, it wouldn’t come straight out and I’d have to untangle it from some small trees.  Once I did get it over the beach, I found that the rock I used wasn’t heavy enough to pull my rope all the way back down on the other side. It just sat up in the tree limply. Mocking.

Eventually I did get it, then I set up my tent facing Southeast, expecting sunrise.